== RGeo::ActiveRecord


RGeo::ActiveRecord is an optional {RGeo}[http://github.com/dazuma/rgeo]
module providing spatial extensions for \ActiveRecord, as well as a set
of helpers for writing spatial \ActiveRecord adapters based on \RGeo.

==== FORK NOTICE

This project is released as the `rgeo-ar` gem. It only works
with ActiveRecord 4.1+. It works with this PostGIS ActiveRecord extension:
https://github.com/neighborland/activerecord-postgis-adapter


=== Summary

\RGeo is a key component for writing location-aware applications in the
Ruby programming language. At its core is an implementation of the
industry standard OGC Simple Features Specification, which provides data
representations of geometric objects such as points, lines, and polygons,
along with a set of geometric analysis operations. See the README for the
"rgeo" gem for more information.

RGeo::ActiveRecord is an optional \RGeo add-on module providing spatial
extensions for \ActiveRecord, as well as a set of helpers for writing
spatial \ActiveRecord adapters based on \RGeo.

=== Installation

RGeo::ActiveRecord has the following requirements:

* Ruby 2.0.0+
* rgeo 0.3.20+
* ActiveRecord 4.1.0+
* arel 5.0.0+

Generally, \ActiveRecord adapters which depend on this module should be
installed as gems, and they will install this module automatically as
a dependency. However, you can also install it manually as a gem:

  gem install rgeo
  gem install rgeo-ar

See the README for the "rgeo" gem, a required dependency, for further
installation information.

=== Development and support

Documentation is available at http://dazuma.github.com/rgeo-activerecord/rdoc

Original source code is hosted on Github at http://github.com/dazuma/rgeo-activerecord

Contributions are welcome. Fork the project on Github.

Report bugs on Github issues at http://github.org/dazuma/rgeo-activerecord/issues

Support available on the rgeo-users google group at http://groups.google.com/group/rgeo-users

Contact the author at dazuma at gmail dot com.

=== Acknowledgments

\RGeo is written by Daniel Azuma (http://www.daniel-azuma.com).

Development is supported by Pirq. (http://pirq.com).

=== License

Copyright 2010-2013 Daniel Azuma

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of the copyright holder, nor the names of any other
  contributors to this software, may be used to endorse or promote products
  derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
